'djdt' is not a registered namespace #1405 (#1889)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/changes.rst

  ``DEBUG_TOOLBAR_SETTINGS``.
* Add a note on the profiling panel about using Python 3.12 and later
  about needing ``--nothreading``

> * Added ``RUNNING_TESTS`` setting to allow overriding the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``IS_RUNNING_TESTS`` setting to allow overriding the
```

  <https://astral.sh/blog/the-ruff-formatter>`__.
* Changed the default position of the toolbar from top to the upper top
  position.

> * Fixed the bug causing ``'djdt' is not a registered namespace`` and updated
>   docs to help in initial configuration while running tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a link in the installation docs to a more complete installation example in the example app.
* Added check to prevent the toolbar from being installed when tests are running.
* Added test to example app and command to run the example app's tests.  
```
